ok I love this guy just rush me ah
unbelievable what I'm going to come on
the hell just happened then Wow see if
this go for it come to anything
run obviously be so pathetic now we've
got this way good fight not my drop it
if it is going good fire seater amazing
I'll go for this guy's all or if he
attacked me amazing don't touch me she's
gonna go for me it's no doubt about it
take that teleporting case here yeah as
all sit you're playing oh here we go
this kid okay look where he's gonna do
come on come on whoa
what oh there's the drop its opening
here a Nigerian other is why do you do
that come on okay no fire class in guess
that sounds fair unless you're anew come
on no swype
what that's where you get when you're
pathetic noobs in the world that's what
he does he just doesn't run far out all
right I guess we get another fight